CarMax Human Capital Resources.

Human Capital Resources CarMax's purpose, to drive integrity by being honest and transparent in every interaction, is brought to life each day by our associates' commitment to living our core values. We recognize that our associates are the key to our success, and we are proud to provide an award-winning workplace where we value the contribution of all associates and foster a culture where associates can achieve their career goals. Our associates are further guided by the policies and procedures we have in place to ensure everyone is treated with respect and has opportunities to reach their full potential.

On February 28, 2025, we had a total of 30,048 full- and part-time associates, of which 1,011 work in our CAF segment and 492 work for our Edmunds business. We had 24,883 hourly and salaried associates, as well as 3,537 in-store sales associates, 1,510 sales associates in our CECs and 118 Edmunds sales associates. 

Our in-store and Edmunds sales associates predominantly work on a commission basis while our CEC sales associates are hourly employees who are incentive eligible. We employ additional associates during peak selling seasons. No associate is subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We annually review our pay in each geographic market to ensure we are providing a fair and competitive wage. As of February 28, 2025, all our associates were paid above the applicable minimum wage. We offer a broad range of benefits to our associates, including health benefits for full-time associates.

Throughout the implementation of our omni-channel car buying experience, the shape of our workforce evolved to include more technology, product and data science associates. As of February 28, 2025, we had 1,481 technology, product and data science associates. In response, we created a rotational program for college technology hires and implemented a technology and data science reskilling program. All roles working on our innovation efforts are eligible for equity or equity-based grants through our standard compensation plan, which serve as a meaningful engagement and retention tool. We believe this evolution in our workforce has been and will continue to be critical to the development of our technology platforms and strategic initiatives.

Our commitment to our associates is reflected in our fair and broad-based compensation packages and benefit programs, our continuous investment in talent acquisition, engagement, and development activities, and our comprehensive safety and security program. We review pay equity annually based on objective factors such as position, tenure, and location. If we find discrepancies that cannot be explained by these objective factors, we make appropriate adjustments. Our commitment is to provide equal pay for comparable work.

We have been recognized for 21 consecutive years as one of Fortune magazine's 100 Best Companies to Work For(r). This award reflects our ability to provide associates with the tools and environment they need to succeed and grow in their careers. We have an Associate Experience Team and a cross-functional Associate Experience Advisory Group dedicated to ensuring an inclusive and engaging workplace. We also continued to measure engagement via biannual associate voice surveys, and across the company, teams created focused plans to continually improve engagement based on survey results. Our goal is to achieve world-class associate engagement and responding to associate feedback enables us to focus on the issues that matter to our associates.

CarMax's culture of inclusion is built on a foundation of integrity and respect. We value the wide range of experiences and perspectives our associates bring to locations across the country. Our commitment to inclusion is based on a company vision to ensure everyone, everywhere has the opportunity to reach their full potential.
This commitment extends to every facet of our business interactions, from associates within CarMax to job applicants, customers, vendors, shareholders, and business partners, to ensure everyone is treated fairly and impartially.

